feat: Docs for Pre-Trial (#4559)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/configuration/licenses/index.adoc

For other use cases, you don't need a license after deploying an application to production.

== Using Free Trials

The Vaadin Trial experience lets you evaluate all Vaadin commercial features - such as Vaadin Copilot, commercial components (e.g., Charts), Acceleration Kits and Control Center - with minimal effort:

- 7‑day Trial (no registration needed): Start instantly by clicking a button in the development tooling of a started Vaadin application,
- 30‑day Commercial Trial (registration required): Extend your evaluation by signing in to `vaadin.com`.

Both trials enable commercial features in development. Production builds during trials are allowed with an opt‑in flag and will display a visible runtime banner.

A trial period can be activated through Vaadin Dev Tools by clicking the `}>` button in the right bottom corner of the application's page and also through the automatic splash screen shown when a commercial component is used without a license.

=== 7-day Trial Workflow (Seven-Day, No Registration)

> When you use a commercial feature (for example, place a commercial component on a view or trigger Copilot) and no valid license is found, a modal splash screen appears in development mode once you navigate to a view that uses a commercial component. It explains that a subscription or trial is required and offers two choices:

Reviewer: `or trigger Copilot` sounds to me like everything in Copilot is commercial.
Could it be something like `or trigger a Copilot function that makes changes to code`?

- Try for 7 days (no registration): Starts the 7‑day trial immediately.
- Log in / Sign up (to acquire or extend a license/trial): Opens Vaadin web-site to sign in and retrieve a license key or start the 30‑day trial.

It also shows the following information:

> - List of the commercial products currently used

Reviewer: This is actually not true at the moment.
```suggestion
```

- Link to the commercial license terms

> - Other Vaadin commercial products you have full access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Examples of Vaadin commercial products you have full access to.
```

Author: Done

=== 30‑Day Commercial Trial Workflow (Registration Required)

If you choose Log in / Sign up from the splash screen, or when your 7-day Trial has expired, you’ll be guided to authenticate and start a 30‑day trial. This enables all commercial features for 30 days.

When a 7-day Trial expires, the splash screen shows guidance to "Extend trial 30 days" (via the login path). Once button is clicked, the trial starts immediately.

The 30‑day trial can be started again after 90 days per user/account.

=== Production Builds While Using a Trial

> Production builds do not enable commercial features if you don’t have a valid license. During a commercial trial, you can opt‑in to enable commercial features in production builds by adding a `-Dvaadin.commercialWithBanner` build flag that shows a visible persistent banner on the bottom of the page in runtime.

Reviewer: The commercial trial has no impact on the production build.

```suggestion
Production builds do not enable commercial features if you don’t have a valid license. However, you can opt‑in to enable commercial features in production builds by adding a `-Dvaadin.commercialWithBanner` build flag that shows a visible persistent banner on the bottom of the page in runtime.
```

You need a commercial license only if you use one of the commercial components (e.g., Vaadin Charts) or one of the tools (e.g., Vaadin TestBench). If a project includes such components or tools, a commercial license is needed for development, and to build a production application.

> Vaadin requires a production runtime license only for a Premium subscription which counts <<{articles}/flow/configuration/licenses/daily-active-users#, Daily Active Users>>. Starting in version 24.5, Collaboration Kit is free. Previously, it was priced per end-user (see <<{articles}/tools/collaboration/developing-with-ce#,Collaboration Kit documentation>>).

Author: Done

For other use cases, you don't need a license after deploying an application to production.

== Using Free Trials

> The Vaadin Trial experience lets you evaluate all Premium commercial features - such as Vaadin Copilot, commercial components (e.g., Charts), Acceleration Kits and Control Center - with minimal effort:

Author: Done

- 7‑day Trial (no registration needed): Start instantly by clicking a button in the development tooling of a started Vaadin application,
- 30‑day Commercial Trial (registration required): Extend your evaluation by signing in to `vaadin.com`.

Both trials enable commercial features in development. Production builds during trials are allowed with an opt‑in flag and will display a visible runtime banner.

> A trial period can be activated through Vaadin Dev Tools by clicking the `}>` button in the right bottom corner of the application's page and also through the automatic splash screen shown when a commercial component is used without a license.

Author: I'd retain Vaadin Dev Tools as this is the terminology we use in docs - e.g. https://vaadin.com/docs/latest/flow/configuration/development-mode/dev-tools

You need a commercial license only if you use one of the commercial components (e.g., Vaadin Charts) or one of the tools (e.g., Vaadin TestBench). If a project includes such components or tools, a commercial license is needed for development, and to build a production application.

Vaadin requires a production runtime license only for a Premium subscription which counts <<{articles}/flow/configuration/licenses/daily-active-users#, Daily Active Users>>. Starting in version 24.5, Collaboration Kit is free. Previously, it was priced per end-user (see <<{articles}/tools/collaboration/developing-with-ce#,Collaboration Kit documentation>>).

For other use cases, you don't need a license after deploying an application to production.

== Using Free Trials

> The Vaadin Trial experience lets you evaluate all Premium commercial features - such as Vaadin Copilot, commercial components (e.g., Charts), and acceleration kits - with minimal effort:

Reviewer 2: let's mention Control Center here too

> - 7‑day Pre‑Trial (no registration needed): Start instantly by clicking a button in the development tooling of a started Vaadin application - available since Vaadin 24.9,

Reviewer 2: I think we should just call it a trial, without "pre-", or if we need to specify then perhaps Trial preview.

- 30‑day Commercial Trial (registration required): Extend your evaluation by signing in to vaadin.com.

Both trials enable commercial features in development. Production builds during trials are allowed with an opt‑in flag and will display a visible runtime banner.

A trial period can be activated through the dev mode menu by clicking the `}>` button in the right bottom corner of the application's page and also through the automatic splash screen shown when a commercial component is used without a license.

> === Pre‑Trial Workflow (Seven-Day, No Registration)

Reviewer 2: Remove "Pre-" and keep consistent wording "7-day"

When you use a commercial feature (for example, place a commercial component on a view or trigger Copilot) and no valid license is found, a modal splash screen appears in dev mode once you navigate to a page that has a commercial component. It explains that a subscription or trial is required and offers two choices:

- Try for 7 days (no registration): Starts the 7‑day pre‑trial immediately.
- Log in / Sign up (to acquire or extend a license/trial): Opens Vaadin web-site to sign in and retrieve a license key or start the 30‑day trial.

It also shows the following information:
- List of the commercial product(s) currently used
- Link to the commercial license terms
- Other Vaadin commercial products you have full access to.

> Vaadin permits to start the 7‑day pre‑trial again on the same machine after 30 days from start of the previous pre-trial.

Reviewer 2: I think it's not necessary to specify the reset times. I'd suggest leaving this last sentence out.

Author: done

=== 30‑Day Commercial Trial Workflow (Registration Required)

If you choose Log in / Sign up from the splash screen, or when your pre‑trial has expired, you’ll be guided to authenticate and start a 30‑day trial. This enables all commercial features for 30 days.

When a pre‑trial expires, the splash screen shows guidance to "Extend trial 30 days" (via the login path). Once button is clicked, the trial starts immediately.

The 30‑day trial can be started again after 90 days per user/account.

=== Production Builds While Using a Trial

> Production builds do not enable commercial features if you don’t have a valid license. During trials (pre‑trial or 30‑day), you can opt‑in to enable commercial features in production builds by adding a `-DcommercialWithBanner` build flag that shows a visible persistent banner on the bottom of the page in runtime.

Reviewer 2: During trials (pre-trial or 30-day), -> During a commercial trial,

Author: done, but commercial banner is for 7-day trial, not the commercial trial, is that correct?

> Production builds do not enable commercial features if you don’t have a valid license. During trials (pre‑trial or 30‑day), you can opt‑in to enable commercial features in production builds by adding a `-DcommercialWithBanner` build flag that shows a visible persistent banner on the bottom of the page in runtime.

Author: done
